hello everyone today I bring you a shake very
tropical that is loaded with many
beneficial medicinal properties
for health so do not miss this one
papaya smoothie and mango
ingredients that we are going to use to
about four people are 250 milliliters
of milk the juice of an orange and its
Stripe lasts 600 grams of papaya and 400
grams of mango
first we wash the orange and the
stripe without reaching the white part
so that it does not bitter
then the cousins ​​and we reserve
then we remove the potato seeds
we already peel and chop the papaya
is one of the tropical fruits that
contains more medicinal properties
It has anti-inflammatory properties
antiseptic and digestive which
help to fight problems of
Tonsillitis or arthritis is rich in
nutrients and contains very few calories
so it's ideal for people who
want to lose weight has vitamins to
c and vitamin B complex is source
rich in magnesium potassium acid fiber
folic acid as well as small amounts of
iron and calcium also contains
antioxidant properties that help
avoid colon cancer diseases
Breast breast and bladder neck
uterus and contains a known enzyme
as papain which helps digest
proteins
and once we have it we peel
our mango and we chop it
the mango is one of the richest fruits
in beta carotene and contains high
amounts in vitamins to c what what
becomes a source of antioxidant
is able to neutralize the radicals
free increase the defenses of our
organism and protect us against cancer
contains proteolytic enzymes that
help to take better advantage of nutrients
and it serves to increase muscle mass
along with the good routines of
Exercise also contains folic acid
what makes it the ideal fruit
to eat during pregnancy and
breastfeeding helps lower the
tension and regulate cholesterol is
anti-inflammatory expectorant
antibacterial and antiviral and likewise
contains tryptophan that next to the
vitamin sees possibility that we have a
quieter dream
and we just have to put in the glass
of the blender the milk the juice the
grated the papaya and mango and what
we will beat approximately during a couple
minutes until it is all right
homogeneous
you can take it cold or serve it with
ice and if you can not wait for the dive
liquits you can add 16 cubes of
ice
you can also add a spoonful
of honey or sweetener but to my liking
I prefer to take the natural
so I hope you liked it is from
papaya and mango smoothie and that
encourage to do it because as you have
seen is very easy and is perfect for
start the morning with a good breakfast and
you already know that yes it is something of doubt
to do it you can tell me the
comments that I will answer as
possible fast and if you liked the
recipe I hope you become a follower of
my channel if you have not done it
you give me some I like and that what
Share on your social networks you can
see this recipe and many more in my
original desserts website dotcom
thank you for being there and see you in the
next video